A sample JSP page with a form that illustrated how to use the client library.

== Introduction ==
PlayThru is a game replacement for captchas.  Place it in your form to challenge the submitter and prove she is a human.

==How to use==
The following JSP page -- included in the aya_sample.zip download -- shows how to implement a simple form that includes a game and how to get the results of the PlatThru.
{{{
<%@ page import="java.util.*" %>
<%@ page import="com.areyouahuman.clientlibrary.*"%>
<%@ page language="java" contentType="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1"
    pageEncoding="ISO-8859-1"%>
    
<%
// These keys need to be stored somewhere, depending on the application.
// web.xml or properties file are good candidates.
// Get the key at http://portal.areyouahuman.com/
String AYAH_PUBLISHER_KEY = "";
String AYAH_SCORING_KEY = "";

// Instantiate the client library class that we use for various purposes.
// The session secret is set only on POST and is handled by the Javascript loaded from 
// the server, i.e. ayah.GetPublisherHTML()
Ayah ayah = new Ayah(AYAH_PUBLISHER_KEY, AYAH_SCORING_KEY, request.getParameter("session_secret")); 

// We show the form and the game unless the user has posted the form and passed.
boolean ShowForm = true;
String GameResultText = "";
if(request.getMethod().equals("POST")){
	if(ayah.ScoreResult()){
		ShowForm = false; 
		//Passed = true;
		GameResultText = "You are a human!";
	}else{
		GameResultText = "Try again.";
	}
}
%>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<html>
<head>
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1">
	<title>Are You A Human Test</title>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Are You A Human Example Page</h1>
	<div><%=GameResultText%></div>
	<% 
	if(ShowForm){
	%>	
	<form method="POST">
		<div>First Name: <input name="firstname" id="firstname" /></div>
		<div>Last Name: <input name="lastname" id="lastname" /></div>
		<div><%= ayah.GetPublisherHTML() %></div>
		<input type="submit" value="Submit" />
	</form>	
	<%
	}else{	
	%>
	<h2>Thank you for submitting the form.</h2>
	<div>First Name: <%=request.getParameter("firstname")%></div>
	<div>Last Name: <%=request.getParameter("lastname")%></div>
	<%
	}
	%>
</body>
</html>`
}}}
==Dependencies==
You will need to download [http://code.google.com/p/json-simple/downloads/list json_simple-1.1.jar] and place it in your WEB-INF/lib or somewhere in your classpath depending on the framework you use.